Cleanup term chapter (#5)
TheBevyFlock/bevy-quickstart-book: book/src/terms.md

As an example, a `Player` entity might contain the following **Components**:

- `Position`
- `Health`
- `KeyboardController`

As you can see, it might have what one considers 'simple data' but also
components that traditionally would be considered 'logic'.

If this is not clear how bevy achieves this, read on and it will make sense to
you throughout the tutorial chapters.

### S for System

*A system is a function that uses entities and their components.*

The **System** is what glues different Components together.
For example, you might have a system for:

- updating the position of an entity based on its velocity. Both `Position` and
  `Velocity` would be components.
- updating the `Health` component based on `FireResistance` and a `OnFire` component.

## Bevy Concepts

While bevy uses the ECS paradigm, it is a **game engine**.
As such it comes with its own abstractions to save you time implementing them
yourself.
Be sure to familiarize with them, as they will used throughout this tutorial.

### Application

The Application is the main entry point of Bevy.
It serves as the glue between all parts that your game needs:

> - It manages the game loop by scheduling systems
> - It coordinates the lifecycles of your game states
> - It handles resources and events
> - As well as other things

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- managing the game loop and scheduling systems
- coordinating the lifecycles of your game states
- handling resources and events
```

> You will create one application, usually in your `main` method.
> To it, you then add all the different parts of your game you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will create one application, usually in your `main` method.
You then add all the different parts of your game you need to it.
```
